hey i want you to create a 3d realistic world simulator here which will run on yarn react three vike.\
I want it to be a galaxy simulator - it should have galactic dust, gravity, compression forces leading to heating of suns, planets, asteroids, everything - but it 
all starts from nothing. supernovas, белые карлики, black holes, everything else. colorful, realistic, with changeable speed. i should be able to tweak main
constants but for now set them to real numbers. we should see how dust creates gas giants, suns, planets, asteroids, how they collide, explode, grow smaller and die.
 it should show the whole beauty of galaxy. i should be able to zoom in and out, see all processses happening in real galaxy but in very fast forward manner. create
a full concept for it first and then let's implement it. starting from simplest things and then adding up more and more, so that on every step i can test it and give
 you a go. just if i were creating it myself - let's start from really simplest things and proceed slowly implementing things one by one.\
I want you to create a full blown concept for this app, describe all logic behind it, math, particle simulation and so on. create some md docs describing everything                                                                                                                                              
and fill them in with data. i don't wnat you to code yet - just describe what dev process should look like, what are tasks in correct order, what is the concept,
what is the implelentation, what is the physic behind it and so on - all topics which we might need describing before we start. don't do anything else - only create
all required docs. after it stop. /ultrathink\
\
for ui i want you to use simple white little text and white checkboxes and sliders, nothing spectacular, very minimalistic.

Every step of this project should be testable visually in browser. so please start small and then go big. do it in 4 steps. first one needs to be super basic and just test that setup works well.